docs: Search and Recover Experiments of Chaosd (#203)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/chaosd-search-recover.md

By running the following command, you can view the configurations supported by the `search` command:

```bash
$ chaosd search --help
Search chaos attack, you can search attacks through the uid or the state of the attack

Usage:
  chaosd search UID [flags]

Flags:
  -A, --all             list all chaos attacks
      --asc             order by CreateTime, default value is false that means order by CreateTime desc
  -h, --help            help for search
  -k, --kind string     attack kind, supported value: network, process, stress, disk, host, jvm
  -l, --limit uint32    limit the count of attacks
  -o, --offset uint32   starting to search attacks from offset
  -s, --status string   attack status, supported value: created, success, error, destroyed, revoked

Global Flags:
      --log-level string   the log level of chaosd, the value can be 'debug', 'info', 'warn' and 'error'
```

#### Configuration description

| Configuration item | Abbreviation | Description | Type |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `all` | A | Lists all experiments | bool |
| `asc` | None | Sorts the experiments in ascending order of the creation time. The default value is `false`.| bool |

> | `kind` | k | Lists experiments of the specified kind | string. The supported kinds are as follows: `network`, `process`, `stress`, `disk`, `host`, `JVM` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kind` | k | Lists experiments of the specified kind | string. The supported kinds are as follows: `network`, `process`, `stress`, `disk`, `host`, `jvm` |
```

> | `limit` | l | Lists the number of experiments | int |

Reviewer: should be `the number` of listed experiments`?

| `offset` | o | Searches from the specified offset | int |
| `status` | s | Lists experiments with the specified status | string. The supported types are as follows: `created`, `success`, `error`, `destroyed`, `revoked`

#### Example

```bash
./chaosd search --kind network --status destroyed --limit 1
```

> By running this command, you can search the experiments of the kind of `network` in the status of `destroyed` (indicating that the experiment has been restored).

Reviewer: update `restored` to `recovered`

---

> title: Search and Recover Experiments Using Chaosd

Author: @WangXiangUSTC Could you please help check whether the title is correct? If so, I will revise the corresponding Chinese title, thansks!

```

By running this command, you can search the experiments of the kind of `network` in the status of `destroyed` (indicating that the experiment has been restored).

After running the command, only one row of data is output in the result.

The result is as follows:

```bash
                  UID                     KIND     ACTION    STATUS            CREATE TIME                                                                                                                  CONFIGURATION
--------------------------------------- --------- -------- ----------- --------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1f6c1253-522a-43d9-83f8-42607102b3b9   network   delay    destroyed   2021-11-02T15:14:07+08:00   {"schedule":"","duration":"","action":"delay","kind":"network","uid":"1f6c1253-522a-43d9-83f8-42607102b3b9","latency":"2s","jitter":"0ms","correlation":"0","device":"eth0","ip-address":"220.181.38.251","ip-protocol":"all"}
```

### Search experiments using service mode

> Currently, the service mode only supports searching all experiments. You can get the data by visiting the /api/experiments/ path of Chaosd service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the service mode only supports searching all experiments. You can get the data by visiting the `/api/experiments/` path of Chaosd service.
```

#### Example

```bash
curl -X GET 127.0.0.1:31767/api/experiments/
```

The result is as follows:

```bash
[{"id":1,"uid":"ddc5ca81-b677-4595-b691-0ce57bedb156","created_at":"2021-10-18T16:01:18.563542491+08:00","updated_at":"2021-10-18T16:07:27.87111393+08:00","status":"success","kind":"stress","action":"mem","recover_command":"{\"schedule\":\"\",\"duration\":\"\",\"action\":\"mem\",\"kind\":\"stress\",\"uid\":\"ddc5ca81-b677-4595-b691-0ce57bedb156\",\"Load\":0,\"Workers\":0,\"Size\":\"100MB\",\"Options\":null,\"StressngPid\":0}","launch_mode":"svr"}]
```

## Recover Chaosd experiments

After creating an experiment, if you want to withdraw the impact caused by the experiment, you can use the recovery feature of experiments.

### Recover experiments using command-line mode

You can recover an experiment by using Chaosd recover UID.

> The following is an example of recovering an experiment using above way under the command-line mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to recover an experiment using the command-line mode.
```

1. Create a CPU stress experiment using Chaosd:

```bash
chaosd attack stress cpu --workers 2 --load 10
```

The result is as follows:

```bash
[2021/05/12 03:38:33.698 +00:00] [INFO] [stress.go:66] ["stressors normalize"] [arguments=" --cpu 2 --cpu-load 10"]
[2021/05/12 03:38:33.702 +00:00] [INFO] [stress.go:82] ["Start stress-ng process successfully"] [command="/usr/bin/stress-ng --cpu 2 --cpu-load 10"] [Pid=27483]
Attack stress cpu successfully, uid: 4f33b2d4-aee6-43ca-9c43-0f12867e5c9c
```

> You need to pay attention to save the experiment UID in the output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Save the experiment UID for later use.
```

2. When you do not need to simulate the CPU stress scenario anymore, use the `recover` command to recover the experiment corresponding to the UID:

```bash
chaosd recover 4f33b2d4-aee6-43ca-9c43-0f12867e5c9c
```

### Recover experiments using service mode

> You can recover an experiment by sending a `DELETE HTTP` request to the /api/attack/{uid} path of Chaosd service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can recover an experiment by sending a `DELETE` HTTP request to the `/api/attack/{uid}` path of Chaosd service.
```

> The following is an example of recovering an experiment using the above way under the service mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to recover an experiment using the service mode.
```

> 1. Send an `HTTP POST` request to the Chaosd service to create a CPU stress experiment:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Send a `POST` HTTP request to the Chaosd service to create a CPU stress experiment:
```

```bash
curl -X POST 172.16.112.130:31767/api/attack/stress -H "Content-Type:application/json" -d '{"load":10, "action":"cpu","workers":1}'
```

The result is as follows:

```bash
{"status":200,"message":"attack successfully","uid":"c3c519bf-819a-4a7b-97fb-e3d0814481fa"}
```

> You need to pay attention to save the experiment UID in the output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Save the experiment UID for later use.
```

| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `all` | A | Lists all experiments | bool |
| `asc` | None | Sorts the experiments in ascending order of the creation time. The default value is `false`.| bool |
| `kind` | k | Lists experiments of the specified kind | string. The supported kinds are as follows: `network`, `process`, `stress`, `disk`, `host`, `jvm` |

> | `limit` | l | The number of listed experiments? | int |

Reviewer: seems that the `?` can be deleted
